The Angular Framework is based on the client side while the Express is used on the server side. Angular uses components to map a framework route. SPA functionality is used to implement single web documents using JavaScript and APIs like XML and Fetch. Some advantages of SPA are the speed and response and the webpage. The stability of the webpage is also enhanced using SPA. There are however a few disadvantages of SPA. One is a slow initial load when booting up the application. No back usage. SPA does not allow users to use the back button as it normally removes them from the application entirely. That being said, SPA functionalities create a more stable experience for users by lowering wait time along with removing page reloads entirely. MongoDB uses a document-based model. Since that is the case, using it as the database for a web application that has implemented SPA is very simple. MongoDB can easily be used in situations where the webpage is loading constantly. (Dziuba and ventionteams)
JSON is a language that can be used to contain information. While JSON itself is not a coding language, it is often used in tandem with coding languages to store information. JavaScript on the other hand is a coding language and thus can be used with JSON. Using JSON to store the information generated from JavaScript is an easy way to tie together a frontend webserver with a backend database. For example, you use JSON to store the data of each instance of a trip such as the name, price, description, etc. Next, you use JavaScript to format and organize that information where you would like it on a webpage. (Programiz)
GET/PUT methods are used to send and receive data from a database. The endpoints of these GET/PUT requests are what are either generated on the user's screen or stored in the database for later use. The later use of data mentioned is normally used in authentication. This is where the security of the application comes into play. Users can create profiles that normally hold a username, email address, and password. To sign in, the user must enter the correct username/email and password. The program compares the given data with the database's stored data to authenticate the user's credentials.
This full stack development course has assisted me in learning to properly set up a front-end and back-end web application. This includes implementing a NoSQL database, Angular, JavaScript, and Node.js. Overall, my time during this course was challenging but rewarding. I truly enjoyed setting up and running a full-stack application. Obtaining experience with operating a full-stack server has given me the confidence to try implementing some of the techniques provided in my code later on. 
Resources
Dziuba, K. (2022, July 1). The benefits of building a spa on react, nodejs and mongodb. GMI Software. https://www.gmihub.com/blog/the-benefits-of-building-a-spa-on-react-nodejs-and-mongodb/#:~:text=MongoDB%20is%20one%20of%20the,side%20applications%20and%20mobile%20apps
Programiz. (n.d.). JavaScript and JSON. https://www.programiz.com/javascript/json#:~:text=JSON%20cannot%20contain%20functions.,only%20be%20used%20in%20JavaScript
ventionteams. (n.d.). The Pros &amp; Cons of Single Page Applications (spas). The Pros &amp; Cons of Single Page Applications (SPAs). https://ventionteams.com/blog/pros-cons-of-single-page-applications
